AR Garden Mobile App 
UX and UI:
Target audience is wide and on both sides of commerce. Homeowner's use AR Garden App (ARGA) as well as their gardener service company to communicate tasks going both directions. The niche market here is residential and commercial garden and landscape business communication between customer and service provider. In the simplest of uses the ARGA is used by low tech landscape and or homeowners who simply need a fast way to communicate work tasks. The basic features of the ARGA app use is best described by a use example. A homeowner learns about the app from her/his weekly garden and landscaping service company or individual. Then homeowner downloads ARGO and registers and connects with Green Leaf garden services and now the homeowner can tell the gardeners what she wants completed each week. The homeowner's take pictures of the garden, yard, trees anything the gardeners are responsible to maintain. Then these images are sewn into one large image by AI images processing. The image is stored for quick access. Now the homeowner to use the app walks through the garden and through her phones live camera feed and using ARGA can click the screen to make a selection to capture the screen and then finger circle a plant, make instructions in text and mark up of image like to show where to cut off the dead heads on a plant. The homeowner needs an easy and intuitive interface to give a fast and effective visual instructions to the gardeners. The gardeners arriving afterwards open ARGA point the camera eye to VIEW "Johnson's" GARDEN. The ARGA app locates the homeowners task assignments she marked up earlier on her mobile device. The gardener is immediately guided using arrows and AR popups on their mobile screen and can immediately know which tasks are needed today. The gardener could also have details about the homeowner preferences for all areas of the weekly service. These details keep the homeowner happy and the gardener happy and everybody wins and is at peace. Hahaha.
In reverse use. It's possible the best marketers of the app is the gardeners telling their homeowner and commercial customers about the ARGA way of doing garden business. The gardener can have several commerce options to earn revenue. For example the gardener during a routine homeowner or commercial account service visit sees a broken sprinkler pipe. Through ARGA the gardener personnel can send alerts as to how serious the repair is, send images of the repair needed and get credit card billing authorization if homeowner has permitted it. Using image search the gardener can order parts and supplies either from a retailer or company warehouse garage storage stock. Alternatively the personnel can send a request for authorization to a manager or homeowner depending on the relationship set up. 
The mobile app for both Android and iOS will serve as a fast two way visually accurate communication system using Augmented Reality AR to speed interpretation of tasks. The components that make the app so special include every one of the latest AI and ML capability. Here is a list and it will grow as we delve into development and make discoveries.
1. Maps. GPS is a must. ARGA could have the route of the gardener personnel for ideal routing and for sharing with fill in personnel who aren't as familiar with the customer location and personal garden preferences. 
2. Camera. The camera will capture enough images to support a 3D AI visual that AI can use to know every part of the yard. The camera will use live feed and depending on how good you can code. The app will either snap a pic and allow for mark ups. Or the smart way is to stay live camera feed and have a icon tap to allow detailed mark up on the screen using a colored line directed with the users finger. Then saved and shared live with the gardener during the service visit. Gardener use for ARGA could include pointing ARGA camera to shrub or other landscape and get AR generated help as to how to prune or trim etc whatever plant that the gardener points at. A menu of options of what to do with the information on the screen appears. 
3. Wifi and cel service for data transmission.
4. AI agent Gemini. Trained on customer data preferences and gardener service agreement. 
5. Gemini or Gemma
6. voice recording feature
7. language translation feature selection
8. Google Lens. Identify plants and connect with Gemini AI and connect to plant database API to identify disease and pruning best practices. Allow gardener or homeowner to use AR overlaid instructions pulled in from ARAGA connected to a plant pruning database API. 
9. E-commerce. Purchase options by homeowner to purchase and or approve invoices sent by gardener contractors. Gardeners receive revenue from homeowners (or commercial accounts) and gardeners can also connect to purchase supplies and bill to homeowners. Gardener can add a fee to cost of supplies or pass on exact amount. Receipts for supplies can be sent to homeowners automatically or as set up by user. ARGA may take a percentage of the sale or a flat fee for conducting the transaction. Part of the e-commerce design is determining how the ARGA will earn profits. The options include and are not limited to; charging users to use the app an annual fee of $6 to $12 per year, charging only the homeowner or charging only the gardener, not charging either party and instead earning revenue from the transactions. Ads are an undesirable user annoyance that may or may not be included as an option until ad revenue can be determined as substantial enough to support the app monetary goals its unknown if a free version will be made available. For now we'll go with a back end admin option to select any of these choices and set the amounts to allow early adopters a reward for coming in early by low annual fee of just $6, then later increasing incrementally as the app gains popularity. A likely ARGA set up to start is probably going to be a freemium business model with the best features only offered to subscribers. These features are selected by admin before release and can be adjusted in future global app updates. 
10. Android and iOS operating systems
Using the text above analyze and organize the UI and UX ideas. Organize into labeled segments. Then determine what other details are needed to complete the UI and UX for this mobile app?
